# 1 Snowy Land

Cold wind blowing over frozen ground, white horizon extended to blue lake. Oh the high way I was driving my car, accelerating to catch up two wizards to the east of me. One is Emortul, my old friend, had been born for nineteen years, and was good at using psionic powers. The other was Lancelot, also an Asian as same as us. He had been stalking Emortul for a long time, yet Emortul had never told me the reason why they were enemies. Probably for money, probably for something special carried by Emortul, probably they were just tricking me.

With the ability to control wind and magnetic field, they were running so fast. In fact, they were not running with feet, instead, they were using skateboards, thus not only on the high way can they move fast, but also snowy ground or water surface, even grass land. I had to drive faster than the limit regulated by the traffic rules, or it was impossible to catch them up. Though without Emortul this car cannot be invisible from others, it didn't matter too much. I had covered the license plate with cloth, and on the cloth there were several characters which might perform an SQL injection if traffic monitoring system tried recording my car with OCR and accessing database with plain SQL.

The lake came to my eyes, and beside the edge there were two persons standing facing to each other. I ensured they were Emortul and Lancelot, with telescope.

Hundreds meters away, I rolled down the car window a little, and pick up my bow and an arrow. After having aimed at Lancelot, the arrow was launched and flew fast to him under the acceleration by wind. Emortul noticed me as soon as I released my bow, several seconds before Lancelot did. I succeeded in attracting his attention, so Emortul got a chance and launched an arcane blast to Lancelot and vanished into the void. Lancelot erected a kyokai but Emortul didn't attack on more time, but escaped.

The next time Emortul became visible, he was sitting in my car.

"Why are you here?" Obviously blaming, with hands on my shoulders.

"Leaving you in danger is never my choice."